Add permissions requirements for deploying the azure integration (#488)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/azure/installation.md

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) >= 0.15.0
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) >= 2.26.0
- [Permissions](#permissions)

## Permissions

> In order to successfully deploy the Azure exporter, it's crucial to ensure that the user who will be responsible for deploying the integration has the appropriate access permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to successfully deploy the Azure exporter, it's crucial to ensure that the user who deploys the integration in the Azure subscription has the appropriate access permissions.
```

> 

Reviewer: One of the following permission assignments are required:

> - Option 1: The user can have Owner role for the specific subscription designated for deploying the integration. This role provides comprehensive control and access rights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Option 1: the user can have the `Owner` Azure role assigned to him for the subscription that the integration will be deployed on. This role provides comprehensive control and access rights;
```

> - Option 2: For a more limited approach, the user should possess the minimum necessary permissions required to carry out the integration deployment. These permissions will grant the user access to specific resources and actions essential for the task without granting full Owner privileges. The following steps will guide you through the process of creating a custom role and assigning it along with other roles to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Option 2: for a more limited approach, the user should possess the minimum necessary permissions required to carry out the integration deployment. These permissions will grant the user access to specific resources and actions essential for the task without granting full `Owner` privileges. The following steps will guide you through the process of creating a custom role and assigning it to the user along with other required roles:
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove the spacing line, it causes the list to be extra spaced for no reason

  - Create a [custom role](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/custom-roles#steps-to-create-a-custom-role) with the following permissions:

    <details>

    <summary> Custom Resource Definition </summary>

>     ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```json showLineNumbers
```

              "microsoft.app/containerapps/stop/action",
              "microsoft.app/containerapps/start/action",
              "microsoft.app/containerapps/authconfigs/write",
              "microsoft.app/containerapps/authconfigs/delete",
              "microsoft.app/containerapps/revisions/restart/action",
              "microsoft.app/containerapps/revisions/activate/action",
              "microsoft.app/containerapps/revisions/deactivate/action",
              "microsoft.app/containerapps/sourcecontrols/write",
              "microsoft.app/containerapps/sourcecontrols/delete",
              "microsoft.app/managedenvironments/delete",
              "Microsoft.Authorization/roleAssignments/delete",
              "Microsoft.Authorization/roleDefinitions/delete",
              "Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/delete",
              "Microsoft.ManagedIdentity/userAssignedIdentities/delete",
              "Microsoft.Resources/subscriptions/resourceGroups/delete"
            ],
            "notActions": [],
            "dataActions": [],
            "notDataActions": []
          }
        ]
      }
    }
    ```

    </details>

>   - [Assign the following roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal) to the user on the subscription that will be used to deploy the integration:

Reviewer: The indentation of this list should match the indentation of the bullet above it (1 more indent to the right)

    - The custom `Azure Exporter Deployment` role we defined above;
    - The `API Management Workspace Contributor` role;
    - The `EventGrid Contributor` role;
    - The `ContainerApp Reader` role;

>     - The `EventGrid EventSubscription Contributor` role;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `EventGrid EventSubscription Contributor` role.
```
